Psalm 102 a prayer of the afflicted when
Psalm 102 a prayer of the afflicted when he is overwhelmed and pours out his
he is overwhelmed and pours out his
he is overwhelmed and pours out his complaint before the Lord hear my prayer
complaint before the Lord hear my prayer
complaint before the Lord hear my prayer O Lord and let my cry come to you do not
O Lord and let my cry come to you do not
O Lord and let my cry come to you do not hide your face from me in the day of my
hide your face from me in the day of my
hide your face from me in the day of my trouble
trouble
trouble incline your ear to me in the day that I
incline your ear to me in the day that I
incline your ear to me in the day that I call answer me speedily for my days are
call answer me speedily for my days are
call answer me speedily for my days are consumed like smoke and my bones are
consumed like smoke and my bones are
consumed like smoke and my bones are burned like a hearth my heart is
burned like a hearth my heart is
burned like a hearth my heart is stricken and withered like grass so that
stricken and withered like grass so that
stricken and withered like grass so that I forget to eat my bread because of the
I forget to eat my bread because of the
I forget to eat my bread because of the sound of my groaning my bones cling to
sound of my groaning my bones cling to
sound of my groaning my bones cling to my skin and like a pelican of the
my skin and like a pelican of the
my skin and like a pelican of the wilderness I am like an owl of the
wilderness I am like an owl of the
wilderness I am like an owl of the desert I lie awake and have like a
desert I lie awake and have like a
desert I lie awake and have like a sparrow alone on the housetop my enemies
sparrow alone on the housetop my enemies
sparrow alone on the housetop my enemies were approached me all day long
were approached me all day long
were approached me all day long those who derive me swear an oath
those who derive me swear an oath
those who derive me swear an oath against me for I have eaten ashen is
against me for I have eaten ashen is
against me for I have eaten ashen is like bread and mingled my drink with
like bread and mingled my drink with
like bread and mingled my drink with weeping because of your indignation and
weeping because of your indignation and
weeping because of your indignation and your wrath well you have lifted me up
your wrath well you have lifted me up
your wrath well you have lifted me up and cast me away my days are like a
and cast me away my days are like a
and cast me away my days are like a shadow that lengthens and I wither away
shadow that lengthens and I wither away
shadow that lengthens and I wither away like grass but you O Lord shall endure
like grass but you O Lord shall endure
like grass but you O Lord shall endure forever and the remembrance of your name
forever and the remembrance of your name
forever and the remembrance of your name to all generations you will arise and
to all generations you will arise and
to all generations you will arise and have mercy on Zion for the time to favor
have mercy on Zion for the time to favor
have mercy on Zion for the time to favor her yes the set time has come for your
her yes the set time has come for your
her yes the set time has come for your servants take pleasure in her stones and
servants take pleasure in her stones and
servants take pleasure in her stones and show favor to her dust so the nation
show favor to her dust so the nation
show favor to her dust so the nation shall fear the name of the Lord and all
shall fear the name of the Lord and all
shall fear the name of the Lord and all the kings of the earth your glory for
the kings of the earth your glory for
the kings of the earth your glory for the Lord shall build up Zion he shall
the Lord shall build up Zion he shall
the Lord shall build up Zion he shall appear in his glory he shall regard the
appear in his glory he shall regard the
appear in his glory he shall regard the prayer of the destitute and shall not
prayer of the destitute and shall not
prayer of the destitute and shall not despise
despise
despise is their prayer this will be written for
is their prayer this will be written for
is their prayer this will be written for the generation to come that a people yet
the generation to come that a people yet
the generation to come that a people yet to be created may praise the Lord for he
to be created may praise the Lord for he
to be created may praise the Lord for he looked down from the height of his
looked down from the height of his
looked down from the height of his sanctuary from heaven the Lord viewed
sanctuary from heaven the Lord viewed
sanctuary from heaven the Lord viewed the earth to hear the groaning of the
the earth to hear the groaning of the
the earth to hear the groaning of the prisoner to release those appointed to
prisoner to release those appointed to
prisoner to release those appointed to death to declare the name of the Lord in
death to declare the name of the Lord in
death to declare the name of the Lord in Zion and his praise in Jerusalem when
Zion and his praise in Jerusalem when
Zion and his praise in Jerusalem when the peoples are gathered together and
the peoples are gathered together and
the peoples are gathered together and the kingdom's to serve the Lord he
the kingdom's to serve the Lord he
the kingdom's to serve the Lord he weakened my strength in the way he
weakened my strength in the way he
weakened my strength in the way he shortened my days I said o my god
shortened my days I said o my god
shortened my days I said o my god do not take me away in the midst of my
do not take me away in the midst of my
do not take me away in the midst of my days your years are throughout all
days your years are throughout all
days your years are throughout all generations of old you lay the
generations of old you lay the
generations of old you lay the foundation of the earth and the heavens
foundation of the earth and the heavens
foundation of the earth and the heavens and the work of your hands they will
and the work of your hands they will
and the work of your hands they will perish but you will endure yes they will
perish but you will endure yes they will
perish but you will endure yes they will all grow old like a garment like a cloak
all grow old like a garment like a cloak
all grow old like a garment like a cloak you will change them and they will be
you will change them and they will be
you will change them and they will be changed but you are the same and your
changed but you are the same and your
changed but you are the same and your years will have no end
years will have no end
years will have no end the children of your servants will
the children of your servants will
the children of your servants will continue and their descendants will be
continue and their descendants will be
continue and their descendants will be established before you